Add a link to help debugging more information regarding the issue (#5601)
iterative/dvc: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: "\U0001F41B Bug Report"

> about: Create a bug report helping us improve DVC

Author: ```suggestion
about: Create a bug report to help us improve DVC
```

Author: PyCharm suggested that. Removing it for now.
